Add Global Error Handler (#757)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/error-handling.md

Whenever the library suppresses an error that would otherwise have been exposed to the user, the library SHOULD log the error using language-specific conventions.
SDKs MAY expose callbacks to allow end users to handle self-diagnostics separately from application code.

## Configuring Error Handlers

> SDK implementations MUST allow end users to change the library's default error handling behavior for non-recoverable errors.

Reviewer: If an error is non-recoverable, doesn't that usually mean that the application is terminated? I don't think that's what's meant here. Maybe we should remove the " for non-recoverable errors" part again?

Reviewer 2: @Oberon00 Not really. Non-recoverable errors mea errors that the SDK may not have a fallback for, e.g. a export error (a recoverable error is a null parameter that then gets either ignored or a default value).

Reviewer: Well you could say that the error in the exporter is recovered by discarding the spans 😃  It was recovered with data-loss, but recovered.

Reviewer 2: Well, the idea is that not all errors are logged (otherwise, we could be overflowing the user's logging), but important ones that may be of real interest. In the previous example, having a failed export is more important than ignoring a `setAttribute()` operation with a wrong parameter.

Reviewer: I understand. Then I suggest either

```suggestion
SDK implementations MUST allow end users to change the library's default error handling behavior for relevant errors.
```

or more explicitly

```suggestion
SDK implementations MUST allow end users to change the library's default error handling behavior. Errors that are typically irrelevant SHOULD NOT be affected by this, or SHOULD be marked as such (e.g. with a log level), depending on the specific implementation.
```

I think recoverability is not the point we care about here.

Reviewer 2: @Oberon00 Thanks! Went with the first proposed change, as it's small and (hopefully) won't change much the content in comparison with the original. Let me know what you think ;) (and we can always have a follow up with longer description and examples, which I presume we will have in the future, based on the GA feedback).

> SDK authors MUST supply settings that allow end users to change the library's default error handling behavior for non-recoverable errors.

Reviewer: What does "supply settings" mean? I think this should simply be

```suggestion
SDK authors MUST allow end users to change the library's default error handling behavior for non-recoverable errors.
```
